Hi Elena!
It's been a whirlwind these past weeks — but the
pilots are finally live.
The design team is using the Smart Assistant daily,
and the first results look promising.
That's great news.
But I guess you're already thinking about what comes
next!
Exactly.
Marcus wants early impact, but I'm worried that without
the right support, these pilots might not scale.
I've been reviewing potential enablers — initiatives
that can make adoption faster and safer.
Enablers?
You mean...
like support actions?
Yes!
Think of them as building blocks that make pilots
easier and safer.
And we can't just pick randomly—we need balance across
three areas: Transformation & Change, Technology &
Partnerships, Policies & Governance.
Okay, so not just tech stuff.
Right.
It's about the whole picture—experience, tools, and
how we run things.
And timing matters!
Some enablers we need right now, others can wait.
Plus, budget's tight—we can't do everything at once.
Got it.
So what's next?
Having a balance between these 3 domains is very
important.
We must not neglect any of them.
I see.
Is there anything else we should be careful about?
I'll shortlist a few enablers — one from each area —
and share them with you.
If we agree, we kick off the pilots and track impact.
Sounds good.
Send me the list.
I'm in.